h1. Infinite Ajax Scroll

Turn your paginated pages into infinite scrolling pages with ease.

Version 0.1.2

Requires jQuery 1.4 or newer. 

Licensed under:
MIT License - http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

h2. Requirements

* jQuery 1.4+
* A fully working (server-side) pagination with a 'goto the next page' link

IAS is based on the assumption that you, as a developer, already have taken care for the pagination using a server-side script. What IAS does is loading the next page via AJAX and inserting each individual item into the current page.

h2. Installation

To install Infinite Ajax Scroll make sure you have jQuery 1.4+ installed. Next, add jquery.ias.min.js to the head of your webpage.

bc. <script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.ias.min.js"></script>

Now place the loader image in you image folder and add the CSS to you existing stylesheets.

h2. Basic usage

bc. jQuery.ias({
	container : ".listing",
	item: ".post",
	pagination: "#content .navigation",
	next: ".next-posts a",
	loader: "images/loader.gif"
});

You can use IAS multiple times within a single webpage. For example, you can have an IAS definition for paginating blogposts and one for comments.

h2. Options

h3. container

*Default:* "#container"
Enter the selector of the element containing your items that you want to paginate.

h3. item

*Default:* ".item"
Enter the selector of the element that each item has. Make sure the elements are inside the container element.

h3. pagination

*Default:* "#pagination"
Enter the selector of the element that contains your regular pagination links, like next, previous and the page numbers. This element will be hidden when IAS loads.

h3. next

*Default:* ".next"
Enter the selector of the link element that links to the next page. The href attribute of this element will be used to get the items from the next page. Make sure there is only one(1) element that matches the selector.

h3. loader

*Default:* "images/loader.gif"
Enter the url to the loader image. This image will be displayed when the next page with items is loaded via AJAX.

h3. onPageChange

*Default:* empty function
Event handler. Is called each time the user scrolls to an other page.

Parameters:

|*param*|*description*|
|pageNum|Current page number|
|pageUrl|Url of the current page|
|scrollOffset|scroll offset for this page|

Example:

bc. onPageChange: function(pageNum, pageUrl, scrollOffset) { console.log('Welcome on page ' + pageNum); } 

h2. Customizing

IAS inserts a div element with an image to generate a loader. The div has a class called *ias_loader*. Using this class you can adjust the styling of the loader.

You can also link to an other loader image. Use the *loader* option to link to the right image.

h2. Issues

If you have any ideas or bugs, please submit them to the GitHub issue tracker at https://github.com/webcreate/Infinite-Ajax-Scroll. We rely on our users for ideas on improvements and bug reports.
